c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\obj\Debug\OrderezeTask.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\OrderezeTask.dll.config
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\OrderezeTask.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\OrderezeTask.pdb
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\MonAgentListener.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\obj\Debug\OrderezeTask.dll
c:\users\stella\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OrderezeTask\OrderezeTask\obj\Debug\OrderezeTask.pdb
